Oh shiteru yokoso youtube and welcome to
the first battle in the first round of
gamer tutors commentator tournament or
GDC t this is the first time we've held
an event like this on gamers den channel
and as Matsuda so I hope you guys
enjoyed this one this was a match
between lynnster and kitten or in other
words Henry Lin and Kevon 12 on youtube
links in the description for both their
channels and the videos that they did
please check them out given today is
playing with the Tokugawa and Henry Lin
is playing with the maury I believe was
it so this was a good battle I hope you
guys will learn from this battle I've
seen it now before I wanted initially to
not know the results of the battle but
unfortunately I did record this battle
but then I sort of deleted the footage
by mistake and now you'll get to see it
in better graphics so why the hell not
starting off with Henry's mori army
Henry's mori army is composed of three
units of bows at the front and these are
both samurai and there they are one of
the most efficient bow units in the game
this unit for their price he's got a
solid line of infantry he's got a lot of
katana samurai with a lot of upgrades as
you can see and then a lot of naginata
samurai with a lot of upgrades so
powerful entry contingent an infantry
contingent I'd say that was maybe even
designed to withstand arrows and the
matchlock cinta naginata do have the
highest armor stat in the game next to
the katana hero over here we've got the
I one unit of grade guard sitting at six
experience Chevron's on the right
another great guard fighting with a
katana cavalry this grade guard is a
superior to this Tokugawa great guard
but look at this Tokugawa grey guards
gonna run away and now these Bowman are
going to try and shoot this unit here
tunate spoke have at one unit of grade
guard on each flank of keevins troops
moving on to keevins rest of his body
he's got a unit of katana hero here some
experience chevron on them and then he's
got a line completely composed of katana
samurai and then some ure samurai at the
reitz art here he's also got a few
surprises under his sleep so you can see
here that he is
ending his katana cavalry to this side
to free up the flank and katana
Katherine will do ok against other calf
but not hit too well and now you can see
here in a minute of these surprise that
I've been talking about look at this
hidden in just three units of key show
ninjas Tokugawa Keisha others and they
are going to absolutely ransack that
shit and they're going to throw first
there a blind ingredients or their black
box and then they're going to commence
eating the center of the moving troops
look at that absolutely ripping a hole
through these troops on the left here
the Tokugawa aw Calvary is it has gone
in successes katana cavalry was just
left there throughout the match pretty
much and as it has a that one at least
unit of grade guard here is actually
doing okay against that vocab and the
great guard another unit of bokep coming
out around swinging around here you can
see that the ninjas have just absolutely
decimated a lot of the troops of both
players you can see that uh that Henry
Lin's bosambo I didn't really take then
really line up I would have lined them
up here towards the back or maybe
towards the trees he would have been
able to shoot those ninjas and the
minimizer effect but you can see the
ninjas morale effects still happening
across the line and here is the action
here is a Henry's general and he is
fighting ninjas and katana samurai as
well there's the general of a key event
and they both actually took the standard
general as opposed to taking the
legend no actually montanari Morimoto
naughty has been taken by Henry Lin but
the standards are taken by to take our
troops under key vans control you can
see here that the infantry line on the
right of the more you player is starting
to slowly collapse the cavalry
engagement on the left when the Tokugawa
way the Calgary engagement on the right
one two Tokugawa way and now these two
units of hidden katanas a katana
calverley probably should have been
released a little bit sooner this
shouldn't have been this katana hero has
bands I'd held the firm and Ben rallied
and there they are with 17 men remaining
and you can see some action still
happening here his naginata samurai
fighting that katana here unit guys
actually fighting taking on two of them
he's like confused as to which one he
should take there is blocking their
attacks he's dodging like a boss like a
pro and he's gonna block that and oh he
almost had him he almost had him there
and now he this guy's kind of decide
that you know I don't want to I don't
want to be a part of this anymore and
he's not actually running back and you
can see that this katana hero is pretty
much the last unit for the maury troops
now as opposed to the rest of the army
so excellent use of Keshawn ninjas bike
even hear it absolutely made all the
difference my comments on Henry's that
he probably shouldn't have pushed his
bowmen forward probably lined him up
right on the tip of this hill so they
don't get that much of a hill
disadvantage and then he would have been
able to shoot units such as the katanas
units such as the Tokugawa katana hero
that was there and the ninja units who
are now just chasing away and that is it
looks like that is going to be the
battle you can see that the really the
last remaining unit as you can tell from
the mini-map is that katana hero so I
hope you guys enjoyed the first round of
game reducers commentator tournament be
sure to check out more battles we've got
one with food 100 and reflex CSS point
men or point men and then we've got a
one with
think it's reflex CSS and the Prussian
prince and then finally myself and the
heir of Carthage due to play soon for
you guys so I hope you enjoyed that one
remember to comment thumbs up and
subscribe and as always thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys next time